yo guys what's up in today and today I
want to go over two things first is my
lineup now a 99 overall again and
actually there's straight thanks i want
to go over um 99 overall team again the
second is how you guys are yelling at me
and tweeting me and complaining about
those packs I was complaining about them
um I'll talk about that later and the
third is ultimate team round table so
I'm going to talk about the first thing
because you guys really don't need me to
tell you um what guys I have on my team
I think you can read and tell pretty
much then I'll go back and I'll show you
guys through the active cards so first
with the regards to you guys yelling at
me and telling me i'm a dumbass and
like that because i discarded alterraun
verner and Felton and a couple other
cards uh I don't have time to go through
the auction house and look up every
single card i get if any of you have
more than 3.5 or 240 million claims then
you can talk to me about being mad at me
but other than that none of you were
able to I got 300,000 on this account
and I think at least 3.5 maybe maybe 3.5
million on my second account in if you
don't believe me I really don't care and
I have to prove it to you guys I don't
want to sign on that account because I
don't want people messaging it and I
don't want friend requests out the anus
on that account so that's the reason I
don't show it the next thing is the
ultimate ultimate team round table which
tonight I'm going to be on CR Bewkes
ultimate team round table if you don't
know what it is it's just some YouTube
commentators we get on there we talk
I've never been on it before but I've
watched it and just get on there they
talk about the content that's rude been
released just new stuff what we think
what questions stuff like that oh and i
think i'll put a link into his stream in
the description it's supposed to start
at nine Eastern Time six Pacific that
make it seven Mountain West in eight
central for you Europe guys think it's
like
that makes three in the morning or
something like that but he posted up on
his channel so you guys can always go
back and look I'll put his channel
description in the description hopefully
I remember I just totally stops going to
the cards so yeah he that's just what
I'll be if you want to follow me on
twitter I'll tweet it out as soon as it
starts or I'll retweet CR buek as soon
as the live stream starts so just follow
me on Twitter that's also in the
description it's in the description of
every one of my videos I don't really
put a description i put my twitter if
you have any questions for me twitter is
the easiest way to get ahold of me I
always have my phone always on Twitter
so you guys can just tweet me and I can
respond to you so I just want to go
through here and show you guys kind of
the new pickups to my team I went out my
bought one star Randy Moss just so I
could have a wide receiver that was kind
of a threat deep threat and the 99
because I needed that to get my team to
a 99 overall my my pro bowl cards I had
tamba hali utama Holly he's just kind of
there i don't know i'm gonna do with him
he's not very good that speed is
atrocious his other stats are pretty
good his agility is kind of atrocious
but that's kind of expected let me
compare know like dried mail and Bao's
nails a lot better but I got Russell
okok can't breathe my clue potty Charles
Tillman the Tillman the Tillman plays
real good on the field it plays better
than his stats give him and I got my boy
Cromartie you guys seen him let's see
here I don't know if I had Rod Woodson
in my last videos but he's just a boss I
couldn't go without happened to him I
picked up dick lane for any of you dick
lane is better than neon I like di
Morton dick but I got my Cromartie and
dick plays the two or three all the time
so I don't really need the greatest the
greatest third cornerback or I don't
need my favorite third cornerback I just
need a good one picked up AJ Green again
just a bag off Brandi and kind of get my
team a little bit better at wide
receiver is a little weak and I think
that's about it um
this Julio Jones doesn't really do
anything on my team anymore obviously
going for fighting to wrap this video up
real quick because I need it to render
out and get it uploaded so some of you
guys can see this before the stream
starts for Julio Jones if I try to price
fix them I highly doubt it'll work but I
got coins to mess around with but I hope
you guys enjoyed the video drop a like
if you liked it subscribe if you have it
favorite it whatever come check out the
screen check the links in the
description and I'll catch you guys
later peace out